Harry is hang on I want to show you the
little prick Larry you want to do
something like this see how close the
sprocket is right here at the ground
that becomes of your problem so you can
put this here on sprocket
as you can see says right the 35 teeth
so the original sprocket right here I
breathe
71 teeth in it you can see the
difference so what you want to do is put
this on which is a $10 split rings
rocket of the go-kart see no it's 54
teeth I'm sorry so you probably want to
go somewhere between 54 and 71 teeth to
get your so you don't get the lose the
torque just might be really too high and
then you'll be able to go like probably
twice as fast probably might be able to
do
I don't know you'll have to do it
yourself but when you put this on that's
where you get it right there they might
give you one of them stick or so they
have these and what I did was I used
stainless steel bolts and then I put six
millimeter lock washers and six
millimeter flat washers on and I used
these locking nuts they're quarter inch
allen by a 3/4 long and then I use these
nuts on it
and yeah you shouldn't really use
stainless steel for uh sprocket but I'm
going to use it because I've done the
math and they figured that it's not
going to shear because with those flat
washer pulling up against it little
tight like that by the way I'm going to
use lock not lock tight on all these
before I put them on just the blue stuff
because they're going to be changing
sprockets out I might go with the 62s
myself so yeah so why would you want to
put this on one reason why because it
hits right here number two reason why is
because I watched all you do to bug
videos and I can see like that you don't
go any faster with a 6.5 but that guy
that doesn't know any better that guy
also can do a wheelie by just just
cracking the throttle just a little bit
with this sprocket on there and just the
6.5 in it you know the Harbor Freight so
if you put this sprocket on its what I'm
saying it's not going to do the wheelies
anymore and it's just gonna probably go
I don't know but it's not going to go
it's not gonna spin a tire like that
real easy and do a wheelie right out of
the line anymore so if you want to put
this on it's a pretty easy job if it's
right on there it's on the you can use
the original bolts that come with the
Doodlebug but you're still going to have
to get these three quarter inch long
quarter inch probably at least grade
five but then like I said the Ross
because this you get them chrome-plated
which are hard to find I find a
stainless steel better see and you can
see how small that is it is practically
right up against the backing plate there
the adapter so yeah that's where you get
it
old minibike comm you can change it
right over and yet look I didn't even
stick to 6.5 minute yet still got the
same old one
so yeah it's wintertime that's no help
there's no highway near me but here
comes the car now
you know that that's how far that car is
that's at least a hundred yards from my
house okay go